hey guys what's up it's the need for
speed one here again with another
battlefield 3 video of neat spots this
night from a fringe of sniping and also
I'm gonna do this I'm gonna go into a
server where it's not anybody else there
but myself the reason why I like doing
this is so that I can show you guys what
to do step by step and that doesn't
stress me over getting shot at or team
members talking so let's just write this
one whenever you start the game it's
always going to push you on either the
US team on the Russian team so I'm going
to show you guys what to do from the
Russian base it's just so much easier to
get to it
let it load up
cool alright so I'm just gonna switch
over to the Russian GRU team there you
go
you're gonna want to take your recon so
here we go I'm gonna take my life but it
doesn't really matter on what gun you
use or anything as long as you have a
grenade so as you can see I just blend
in from the base so just gonna wanted up
the stairs like always to get the flag
I'm not gonna bother getting the flag
home especially where to go so like I
said there's uh there's two two places
in here that I'm gonna show you guys in
this video the first ones right over
here next to the burning car I don't
worry about this car you won't die as
this fire does not hurt you so basically
what you're going to do you want to line
up your feet with this shadow the shadow
of the buff stuff I guess I does line
them up like so make sure that you're
kind of kind of in the middle there of
that one all right then you want to take
out your scope and you want to aim right
for the center of the shadow caused by
be a light pole over here so you just
want to aim your scope right in it and
then without moving your scope at all
you want to zoom out like so and you
want to throw a grenade now don't run
don't jump right and it's not gonna hurt
you
excellent now what you see here is that
the tree fell over but it's against the
fence here so what you can do is you can
actually go up on this tree go on to
these crates over here and if you want
to even place the beacon
you can place weaken down other speaker
is very hard to see from far but like
every other beacon it can be heard if
you're close enough to it but yes this
is one place that's fun to get into you
can do with your buddies and also if you
want to you can even start sniping from
down here let's say if you're on the US
team and you're trying to capture a or
just whatever one mess around the
enemies and you can shoot from here and
it's hard for them to get you unless
they of course climb up there there's
not much to do back here there's an
invisible wall here cannot get over that
so the other place I'm gonna show you
I'm just gonna suicide myself the other
place I want to show you is on the other
side of the road that I'm on already
I'll just spawn on my beacon as you can
see it's behind the tree so it's well
hidden from the enemy and to get out you
just jump the fence like so it's very
easy to go to that place
hopefully nobody joins them to match now
this place is really neat
I like saw a few other people do it I
wanted them not so and as long as we
have the street here and perfect
camouflage with it so go up these steps
over here next to the alleyway this is
the out of the house by the way I don't
know some of some people like to call it
the medic house or the I don't know
doesn't really matter what about anyway
you want to go to the store here no
wonder there so you want to jump on here
and you want to fall down right onto
this whatever that's probably gets like
that whatever so you just want to fall
down on it and go back so you don't
completely slip off of it and what you
want to do is we want to line up with
kind of the edge of the tarp whatever
it's called with me like this and you
can jump actually right onto this light
so if you want to aim your gun there
what you got to do is like run and jump
at the same time but run first and then
jump so like this character and like be
on the light on the light the light bulb
alright and you can duck down if you
want you're gonna cop you can crawl
forward but you will fall but you'll
fall into the next level and so like
that and then if you want to you can
slide from here it's very nice to get
it's very nice place to snipe from
there's a lot of things happening a lot
of people spawn from here if the
Russians have alpha and you're on the US
team it's really nice to just snipe here
and get some kills like house they're
running over here you'll see a lot of
snipers also like to go behind this bus
now if I was smart enough I would have
threw a grenade well I don't have
another grenades but but I was it take
these trees down to make it easier to
see and like I said when you have this
tree back here and not many people are
gonna see you depending on what kind of
family have wonder guy it's just nice to
be able to be up here and see a lot of
things that people won't see so yeah
that's the end of this video
thank you for watching if you want
subscribe if not you don't have to
comment if you want if not it's for
joints and yeah guys have fun
battlefield and I'll see you later ciao